[Laughter]
hi hello welcome back to the video I
hope you're doing really good I'm
keeping my moment instant video I'm
going to be showing you I like cookie
dough protein kind of flak jacket need
to come up with like an official name
for this thing I've made it quite a few
times and it tastes so good
high protein and it's a really good like
pre or post-workout snack you should
also have it like as a dessert as well
what I like about this it's really quick
and easy just like a wooden bowl mix it
all together
pop it in the freezer for two hours and
it is done eating quarantine I have
never baked so much in my whole life I
feel like it's become a new hobby of
mine but I just really enjoy making new
recipes and you guys seem to be also
doing the same so I'll just keep hope in
the mouth if you could hit this video
with a lot I'd really appreciate it and
we're going to it's actually proceed
minimal ingredients for this one all
you're gonna need is some protein I'm
using cookies and cream flavor I use
this for almost everything which
premièred you know by now some smooth
peanut butter but I'll link the ones
I've used down below the Nilla flavor
dropped or you could just use any
vanilla extract some chocolate of
preference I'm just using this dark
chocolate orange some milk of choice I'm
using almond unsweetened some salt now
this is oats but I literally just
blended them to make like an oat flour
it's really easy to do you don't need to
add any liquid some organic honey and
that is absolutely it you can also it's
substitute these ingredients for like
things that you prefer say if you don't
like certain sort musi know if you've
got like any allergies so I measured out
110 at grounds of the oats I'm going to
add
the dry ingredients into a large mixing
bowl this isn't my scales to weigh out
the pros me so I'm using 40 grams of
protein teaspoon of salt then I'm using
80 grams of peanut butter I'm using this
mover and I always think this is a lot
easier like when you're baking with the
instructors but honey
and that is just 30 grams of the honey
that I'm using and then just a few drops
of vanilla extract so I'm going to add
about 100 grams of the milk I'm just
going to do that gradually and slowly as
I like to start mixing this all together
[Music]
and then once it's like two that kind of
like cookie dough kind of transitions
and I'm just going to transfer that over
into here and then I'm gonna have melt
my chocolate
[Music]
Wow but the part of Jukes like compact
sit down it's honestly like a workout
like you guys want to be watching this
and it's gonna be speeded up from what
up but it actually takes the longest
time to squish that down and just make
sure that like as compact as possible
I'm just gonna use half a bar of D so
that's bang on 50 grams of chocolate I'm
just gonna melt that in a plastic
container obviously use I've got a
hundred grams of chocolate but I'll just
look like quite a thin layer to keep the
calories down more than anything rather
than like bumping it up
[Music]
and I'm just going to pop that in the
freezer for two hours and it's done at
about all you can pop it in the fridge
for about a 4 out of course I had to try
it one of these straightaway oh my
goodness these are so good so I'm just
going to properly cut them up and stuff
but I've tried one that I mean really
had that one that's miss it and they're
literally so now I think it's the salt
as well that makes a real nice
difference and but yeah really really
sure I'm just gonna serve these but I
did eat one of them already but you
would get 12 like mini bites or you
could do six big children's just
whatever like personal preference I'm
gonna put the Mac because on the screen
for each small chunk of these so goony
I'm just going to show you got spirit
there's one of my favorite creations
they just taste so nice they're protein
packed and you know like not loads and
loads of chocolate I choose these over a
protein bar any day oh look how gooey
there it's like cookie dough I really
think that the chocolate on top made a
huge difference as well like it's got an
extra zone because it's like oranjee
[Music]
I noted for well these are not gonna
last two minutes in my house they taste
so so good I hope you enjoyed this video
if you haven't already don't forget to
Like and subscribe I also have a new
recipe
ebook up which I'll leave links down
below is my cheat code recipe book where
I have more in there you know what other
videos you would like to see and I'll
see you guys in the next video